README.md, before:

# Lightweight PHP-FPM & Nginx Docker Image for WordPress
[![nodesource/node](http://dockeri.co/image/devgeniem/alpine-wordpress)](https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/devgeniem/alpine-wordpress/)

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

This is maintained repository. We use this project in production and recommend this for your projects too. This container doesn't have mysql or email, you need to provide them from elsewhere. This can be other container or your host machine.

## Aren't you only supposed to run one process per container?
We think that docker container should be small set of processes which provide one service rather than one clumsy process. This container uses [s6-overlay](https://github.com/just-containers/s6-overlay) in order to run php-fpm and nginx together.

## Container layout
Mount your wordpress project into:
```
/data/code
```

Your project should define web root in:
```
/data/code/web
```
This is the place where nginx will serve requests. This is compatible with [bedrock layout](https://github.com/roots/bedrock).

## Environment Variables

### Database variables (mysql/mariadb)

```
DB_NAME     # Default: ''
DB_PASSWORD # Default: ''
DB_USER     # Default: ''
DB_HOST     # Default: ''
DB_PORT     # Default: ''
```

Remember to set `DB_NAME`, `DB_PASSWORD` and `DB_USER` and use these variables in your wp-config.php. These are automatically added as envs in php context.

### Email variables

```
SMTP_HOST
```

This variable changes the host where container tries to send mail from. By default this is docker host `172.17.0.1`.

```
SMTP_PORT
```

This variable changes the port where container tries to connect in order to send mail. By default this is `25`.

```
SMTP_TLS
```

If this is `on` mail will use secure connections to smtp server. Default: `off`

```
SMTP_AUTH
```

If this is `on` mail will use authentication when connecting to external smtp. Default: `off`

See more about these variables in [msmtp docs](http://msmtp.sourceforge.net/doc/msmtp.html#Authentication).

## What's inside container:
### For running WordPress
- php7
- php-fpm7
- nginx
- wp-cli
- composer

### For testing WordPress (Or any web application)
- phantomjs
- ruby
- poltergeist
- rspec
- capybara

Commit message:

Added SMTP_USER and SMTP_PASSWORD into container config

README.md, after:

# Lightweight PHP-FPM & Nginx Docker Image for WordPress
[![nodesource/node](http://dockeri.co/image/devgeniem/alpine-wordpress)](https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/devgeniem/alpine-wordpress/)

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

This is maintained repository. We use this project in production and recommend this for your projects too. This container doesn't have mysql or email, you need to provide them from elsewhere. This can be other container or your host machine.

## Aren't you only supposed to run one process per container?
We think that docker container should be small set of processes which provide one service rather than one clumsy process. This container uses [s6-overlay](https://github.com/just-containers/s6-overlay) in order to run php-fpm and nginx together.

## Container layout
Mount your wordpress project into:
```
/data/code
```

Your project should define web root in:
```
/data/code/web
```
This is the place where nginx will serve requests. This is compatible with [bedrock layout](https://github.com/roots/bedrock).

## Environment Variables

### Database variables (mysql/mariadb)

```
DB_NAME     # Default: ''
DB_PASSWORD # Default: ''
DB_USER     # Default: ''
DB_HOST     # Default: ''
DB_PORT     # Default: ''
```

Remember to set `DB_NAME`, `DB_PASSWORD` and `DB_USER` and use these variables in your wp-config.php. These are automatically added as envs in php context.

### Email variables

```
SMTP_HOST
```

This variable changes the host where container tries to send mail from. By default this is docker host `172.17.0.1`.

```
SMTP_PORT
```

This variable changes the port where container tries to connect in order to send mail. By default this is `25`.

```
SMTP_TLS
```

If this is provided use username in authenticating to mail server. Default: null
```
SMTP_USER
```

If this is provided use password in authenticating to mail server. Default: null
```
SMTP_PASSWORD
```

If this is `on` mail will use username/password authentication in connections to smtp server.
This will automatically activate if you use `SMTP_USER` and `SMTP_PASSWORD`. Default: `off`
```
SMTP_AUTH
```

See more about these variables in [msmtp docs](http://msmtp.sourceforge.net/doc/msmtp.html#Authentication).

## What's inside container:
### For running WordPress
- php7
- php-fpm7
- nginx
- wp-cli
- composer

### For testing WordPress (Or any web application)
- phantomjs
- ruby
- poltergeist
- rspec
- capybara
